# Raw_image
This python code is used to convert a raw image to its corresponding grayscale and b/w image(jpeg). It is also provided with an Image Viewer developed using matplotlib


 
# Approach

Once that was done, our next job was to obtain the raw image of the barcode under study, followed by generating a grayscale image, consecutively generating the binary image file from the RAW image.
The image is first taken into the system ,in raw image format , using Adobe lightroom app, which is later transferred to a laptop via the same app.(This is what i had done, I guess any software could be used).
In the attached code, the image is loaded using the “rawpy” python library using rawpy.imread() function. The pixel data of the image is then generated by calling the postprocess() function, the resultant i.e. the returned value is a numpy array.
The numpy array obtained is 3D array:
•	With ‘m’ number of rows corresponding to the number of rows in the raw image.
•	With ‘n’ number of columns corresponding to the number of columns in the raw image.
•	And Each row containing ‘n’ arrays of size – 3, which represents the values of R,G and B of that image, in that order. 
Two copies of the numpy array obtained are made for future use.
A text file is maintained for dumping the binary values of each pixel.

## The LOOP
The numpy array is traversed row-wise.
And for each row, the columns are traversed one by one, thus visiting every pixel of the image.
Average of the R,G,B values of each pixel is taken , and it is updated in one of the copies of the numpy array. This copy of the numpy array will give us the data to create the grayscale image of the photo.
The values of the pixels are now thresholded, with respect to 128, i.e., the values below 128 is set to 0 and above 128 is set to 255. And these values are then updated in the second copy of the numpy array. Simultaneously, the text file is updated with appropriate values i.e. 1 or 0, depending upon the thresholded value. This array will hold the data to create the b/w image or binary image.

## Creation of image files

Using the imageio library, the grayscale image and tha b/w or binary image is created by passing the appropriate updated numpy array copies to the function.

## Image Viewer
In the later implementation an additional code segment is added for the image viewer for the obtained binary file, thus we could obtain the pixel values by hovering the moue over the image and other features are provided like the row size, column size, etc. The image viewer is developed using the matplotlib library provided in python. 
